                            Mythtv Script Detail Instructions

I will add screenshots

  There are two bash scripts that need to be modified and installed.

Prerequisites:

Fundamental Prerequisites:

Mavericks (OSX) and beyond ..installed and working

System that can handle transcoding a large HD or SD TV recording in an acceptable time.
  For example,  a 2012 Mac Mini i7 2.3 GHZ can transcode a HD TV show in about the same time that the recording takes.  This system can still handle a recording and watching a show while this is happening.

  You will have to consider when and how you want to start these scripts depending on your system and view needs.


Mythtv installed and working

I would recommend Macports for Mythtv but other methods that are simpler are fine as well:

MacPorts for Mythtv

https://www.mythtv.org/wiki/MacPorts

There is a download or build section....  this is key of whether you want to install Mythtv and build it on your system  or download a pre-built system

Installing the Mythtv backend and front end (in my opinion) is complicated.  Good luck.

Please configure your mythtv to be able to record a TV show.

I would recommend installing Mythweb to use a web based interface for scheduling and controlling your recordings

https://www.mythtv.org/wiki/MythWeb

This is also a complicated process but well worth it (but is optional)



Handbrake

The point of Handbrake is transcoding a mpegts file that is recorded by mythtv to a format that is compatible with your devices (along with it being smaller)

Please install Handbrake and Handbrake CLI

https://handbrake.fr/downloads.php
   (Download the Mac 64 bit version) for the GUI version
   Also, go to the other category and go to the screen to download the CLI (Command line Interface) version for the MAC

Please use Handbrake (GUI) first and try to transcode a file that you want to convert
  Please read how Handbrake works via documentation on website
  I would focus on the presets available...

Repeat the process by opening a terminal session via the terminal app  (Typicallyfound in Application under Utilities)

https://trac.handbrake.fr/wiki/CLIGuide

This link will explain how to use the command line interface for Handbrake.   I would focus on the presets.

For the scripts,  I am using the AppleTV 3 preset.   I find the quality is fine for playback from a large HD Plasma screen to an iPhone.


The script -  mythtv-comm-removal-x264-noautom.sh  uses the handbrake cli to do the transcode process and trying handbrake along will help with the installation process


